An online digital platform for the National Fusion Skills Hub, capable of hosting material for employers, jobseekers, learners, and educators.

This site allows users to sign up/log in with various roles, with appropriate levels of admin rights to CRUD other users and curate content. There are social features similar to LinkedIn, including connections, messaging, posts with URL tracking, 'likes', replies, impact insights. Employers and Educators can make their own simple page with banner, logo, linked users, custom colours etc. Normal users can be tagged as learners, job seekers, etc. They can also create their own page with custom banner, profile, career and education history - if they enter their linkedin profile page URL this info is populated automatically, and info about employers and institutions etc is also added to database to allow a structured system for other users to be linked. There is a clean, modern layout with easy-to-navigate nav bar and side bar. The site is structured to allow new modules to be added in the future. SuperAdmins can apply global colour palettes, platform name, platform logo etc. Admins can moderate content. Events can be CRUDed by superadmins, admins, employers, or educators, which can be posted to their feed. Each event will have it's own page, with banner, selectable logo/profile pic, event details inc summary, time and date, location/online link, one-click sign up (with option to join invisibly), and list of confirmed delegates and contributers. Events are easy to discover via a calendar view, filterable list view, or map view.
